pages/about.md, before:

---
title: About
menu:
  visible: true
  order: 2
---

I love what I do, and I love enabling the people around me to love what they do too. I'm also pretty good at it but I don't think that's as important.

I'm a career SRE, taking the "Linux System Administrator adds more code to their work" approach I expanded my scope to the application level; stopping just short of User Interfaces (design work still confuses me... except maybe Terminal Interfaces). As I did this I thought more and more broadly about how to ensure products are built reliably; this led to a stronger and stronger focus on education, and facilitating communication within, and between, engineering teams.

Now, almost my entire focus is on psychological safety; creating an environment that helps people feel comfortable taking risks. For a better explanation I highly recommend reading about Project Aristotle[^aristotle] and I'll quote one thing from that page:

> Psychological safety refers to an individual’s perception of the consequences of taking an interpersonal risk

I do this through many means, some "mechanical" (i.e. good and fast CI/CD reduces the stress and impact of experimentation), and some social (being head of an IT department makes for many opportunities to gain (and lose) user trust). Above all else I make sure my team and my coworkers understand that I put them first; above my boss, and above the company.

The choice between your employees and the company is a false one; there is no company without its employees. In the businesses where I've worked the only true company assets have been the people building and running everything; make them _want_ to be there, and let them show you what they can do.

I want to change the world, but I haven't quite figured out how yet; for now I've found I can make things better for the people near me, and that feels pretty nice.

Those seem like the relevant parts:

- [travis@thisguy.codes](mailto:travis@thisguy.codes)
- [Linkedin](https://linkedin.com/in/thisguycodes)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/thisguycodes)
- [Bluesky](https://thisguycodes.bsky.social)

[^aristotle]: [rework.withgoogle.com/print/guides/5721312655835136/](https://rework.withgoogle.com/print/guides/5721312655835136/)

Commit message:

refactor around about / philosophy pages

pages/about.md, after:

---
title: About
menu:
  visible: true
  order: 3
---

I'm Travis Johnson, a Site Reliability Engineer with a focus on [psychological safety](/pages/philosophy/) and education. I've been in the industry for over a decade, and I've worked in a variety of roles from Linux Systems Administrator, to Head of a 20+ person IT Department.

I'm an armchair programming language design philosopher, and lean pretty hard into a few archtypes. I have long purple hair, I'm autistic (though folks keep telling me "you don't seem autistic"; thanks?), have ADD, and otherwise am pretty well described by [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZdxbf0_fPg) (except I'm not _that_ into Rust).

I attend a lot of tech conferences (will probably add a list at some point), work as an Enforcer at PAX[^PAX], and do some crazy things like willingly live ouf my car for months at a time[^car-life] while attending conferences[^cons].

I become known by my co-workers for having a lot of in-depth knowledge about how things work "under the hood", combined with strong opinions of psychological safety and people's workflows. And I never tire of the sound of my own voice.

Here are various ways you can contact me:

- [travis@thisguy.codes](mailto:travis@thisguy.codes)
- [Linkedin](https://linkedin.com/in/thisguycodes)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/thisguycodes)
- [Bluesky](https://thisguycodes.bsky.social)

[^PAX]: [PAX](https://www.paxsite.com/) is a series of gaming conventions held in Seattle WA, Boston MA, Philadelphia PA, ~~San Antonio TX~~, and Melbourne Australia.

[^car-life]: Post(s) pending.

[^cons]: [Defcon](https://defcon.org/), PAX[^PAX], [Bsides LV](https://bsideslv.org/), [Blue Team Con](https://blueteamcon.com/), [All Things Open](https://allthingsopen.org/), [Thotcon](https://www.thotcon.org/), to name a few.
